Student Webspace for AppEngine=======================What is Student Webspace?----------------------------In a nutshell, Student Webspace is a minimalistic hosting platform running on top of Google App Engine. I created it to allow my students to have some place to upload and host their assignments.The app is designed to give you control over the user registration. New users must register using a valid secret Course ID code. Once they register they can upload any files into their account. Each file gets a unique URL such as:    http://yourapp.appspot.com/pub/username/foo.htmlHow does it work?--------------------The files are uploaded to Google's Blobstore database and the username and file name are used to find and retrieve them. I wrote a lengthy [blog post](http://www.terminally-incoherent.com/blog/2011/03/28/student-webspace-in-the-cloud-google-app-engine/) explaining the nature of the app, it's specifications and development details.Please note that you may need to enable billing to use Bloblstore.The project uses GAE Sessions instead of Google's user management in order to allow anyone sign up for the service (not only users with Google accounts).Known Issues---------------This app is provided as is, without any warranty. There are some serious bugs in it, and I haven't really got around to fix them. If you managed to iron these out, please let me know.#### Registering without Course ID When you run the app for the first time, there is no defined CourseID. Thing is one of the few caveats of the application. I simply did not bother making a proper "first-run" script. The way I usually set it up is to go to my AppEngine console, click on DataStore viewer and manually create a CourseID value (usually a string).Alternatively, you can comment out [lines 261-263](https://github.com/maciakl/Student-Webspace-for-Google-AppEngine/blob/master/main.py#L261) in main.py - that's where it locks you out if a Course-ID does not exist. Then you can register an account without any problems. Don't forget to un-comment it afterwards, unless you like all kinds of web riffraff using your blobstore as dumping ground.#### Creating Admin Account All accounts start as "student" accounts. So once you have your first account, you will want to go to the AppEngine console DataStore viewer, find the WebSpaceUser value that was just created and manually change its "type" to "admin". There is no UI for this yet.#### Accessing the Admin PanelThere is no link to the admin panel in the UI. You get to it by pointing your browser at:    http://yourapp.appspot.com.com/adminAdmin panel is where you create Course ID's or browse through the files uploaded by all the users (grouped by CourseID). Only an admin account can access it.#### Filename Encoding BugThis is a nasty bug that I have been too lazy to fix. The app does not like spaces and special characters in usernames and/or file names. If a user creates a username with a space in it, the login function will bug out due to encoding.When a user uploads a file with spaces in the name, it won't be properly displayed. I think it's a matter of urlencoding/decoding the file names before they are stored and after they are fetched.